[2201.5.1]Update release note with OpenAPI changes (#7144)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.5.1/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### Bug fixes

To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for 2201.5.1 (Swan Lake)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A2201.5.1+label%3AType%2FBug+is%3Aclosed+).

## Developer tools updates

### Improvements

#### OpenAPI Tool
- Added the object type query parameter support in the OpenAPI to Ballerina service generation.

> - Added the `--without-data-binding` flag to generate a low-level service without data binding in the OpenAPI to Ballerina service generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to generate low-level service skeletons without any data-binding logic, This mode can be enabled by adding `--without-data-binding` flag to the OpenAPI to Ballerina service generation command. 
```

> - Added support to generate low-level service skeletons without any data-binding logic, This mode can be enabled by adding `--without-data-binding` flag to the OpenAPI to Ballerina service generation command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to generate low-level service skeletons without any data-binding logic. This mode can be enabled by adding `--without-data-binding` flag to the OpenAPI to Ballerina service generation command.
```
